wait1           normal
assert1         gold,fail
assign1         normal
wait2           gold,normal
arith1          normal
signal1         normal
attr1           normal
signal2         normal
signal3         normal
assign2         normal
assign3         normal
signal4         normal
wait3           normal
wait4           normal
wait5           normal
elab1           normal
image           gold,normal
cond1           gold,normal
counter         normal,stop=50ns,gold
last_value      normal
cond2           gold,normal
vecorder        normal
